>> Brian Holt: Let's go fix ESLint.
Obviously, ESLint is pretty upset at
this point because right here it says
you never use Pet, right?
Well, I do use Pet, it's down there,
but ESLint can't see that.
>> Brian Holt: So there's a couple of
things that I actually want you to install
for ESLint here.
So we're gonna open our eslint.json,
>> Brian Holt: We're
going to install some additional linting
features for React itself, right?
So like one of the things that I
really like that you can do now,
is there's a thing called
JSX Accessibility.
That will actually lint to make sure that
you're doing good accessibility practices.
This is good for me because I
don't know all the intricacies and
nuances of Accessibility, like keeping
your webpage accessible is one,
your moral duty as a web developer.
The web is for everyone, right?
And two, it can be pretty difficult if
you don't know exactly what you're doing.
So that's why I like this ESLint
package that just says, hey,
you're not doing this, if you do this
will make accessible for people, right?
Like for example, doing onClick handler on
an h1, is terrible accessibility practice.
And it's gonna actually fails us for
us, so let's go make that happen.
>> Brian Holt: And some other ones.
So come to your,
>> Brian Holt: We'll
just make this in a new tab I guess,
talks/temp,
>> Brian Holt: fem, okay?
So I'm in the root directory of my project
here and I'm gonna say npm install -D,
and we're going to install
quite a few things here.
babel -eslint, so we need ESLint
to be able to process JSX files,
so we needed to,
>> Brian Holt: Be able to use babel
underneath the hood.
eslint-plugin-import, this will
help it with things like making
sure that we're doing imports and
exports okay.
So some linting rules around that.
eslint-plugin-jsx-a11y.
Accessibility, right?
There's a 11 characters between a and
y in Accessibility, that's why it's a11y.
And eslint-plugin-react.
So I will leave that up for
you for just a second.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, let's go ahead and
install all of those.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, so
now that we have all of those installed,
we're gonna go back to our eslintrc.json.
>> Brian Holt: And
we're gonna do some more extends here.
Order with these extends
actually is important,
because it's going to apply them in order.
So it's very essential
that prettier comes last,
that's really the one that you have to
remember, that prettier has to come last.
Because all of these are going
to enable things, and
the last thing that you want to
happen is prettier to go and
disable the things that you
don't want it to check for.
Here we're gonna do
plugin-, sorry,
plugin: import/errors,
plug: react/recommended, and
plugin: jsx-a11y/recommended.
>> Brian Holt: So what this syntax means
is there's a plugin called the import
plugin, and I want you to go make this so
it errors, right?
And I think you can also
have warning here, and
it will just warn you
when it has problems.
But if you're having import problems,
we want it to fail.
So that's what errors means.
And then react/recommended,
it has this like sub set of things
that are recommends that you do.
It actually has a lot more
rules you can turn on.
For example, it has one called ordering
where it forces you to like order your
React methods in a certain way,
and I hate it.
Because I don't wanna reorganize it for
some arbitrary reason, so
I always turn that one off.
So that's why I stick with the recommended
ones, same with jsx-ally, it has some
even more strict rules, but we're just
gonna stick with the recommended ones.
Okay, the next one that we're gonna
turn off just one of these rules.
So rules:, so
this actually let's you address individual
rules inside of your React project.
The only one that we're gonna turn
off here is react/prop-types.
I'm not gonna be showing you this
workshop how to do prop-types,
because at the end of this workshop I'm
gonna show you how to do TypeScript.
Which is even stricter than prop-types,
so we're not gonna worry about that.
Otherwise, this requires you to
do prop-types which in general is
useful if you're not gonna do TypeScript.
>> Brian Holt: Okay,
we're gonna have to add some plugins here.
Plugins, which is gonna be an array,
and we're gonna have react,
import, and jsx-a11y.
Plugins versus extends,
plugins are going to augment the abilities
of ESLint to do additional things, right?
So for example, the React one, enables
React to see that React is actually being
used despite the fact that's
not being explicitly called.
Or that Pet is being used as a component,
right?
So that's what React does,
it augments the ability of ESLint.
>> Brian Holt: And
I think that should be it.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, so
now if you come back over here,
notice that Pet is no longer an error.
But we have an error on this onClick,
because h1s are not meant
to be interactive, right?
They're not buttons.
So it says,
if you have an h1 that's interactive
you're not allowing screen
readers to be able to reach it.
So that's why it's like, don't do this or
you have to do additional things, right?
So here I would have to have
like an onKeyDown=this.handle.
There's a couple of things that you have
to do to get it to actually work that way.
But nonetheless, don't put interact
developments on h1 if you can avoid it.
They should be on buttons, right?
That's what buttons are for.
>> Brian Holt: So the way we're gonna
get around this is we're just going to
delete it, because this is not
what we wanted to do anyway.
>> Brian Holt: Then if you go here,
look at Pet,
notice that React was an error before,
it's not an error now.
But notice that we're not explicitly
calling React anywhere in here, right?
This looks like it's an unused variable,
doesn't it?
But keep in mind, what are those
JSX being transpiled to, right?
They're being transpiled to
reacts.createElementCalls, so
React still has to be in scope.
So anywhere, anytime that you're
using JSX, you have to import React.
Now the good news is,
if we do this, guess what?
It's gonna say, hey, React has to
be in scope if you're using JSX.
So ESLint kinda helps us remember
that we're supposed to do that.
>> Brian Holt: This is why I like ESLint.
It helps you catch dumb errors
like this really quickly.
You're not gonna get too far in the rules
like wait, why is that happening?
No, it's really quick like hey,
this is broken, fix it right now,
while everything is still in your brain.
So just to give you
more alternatives here,
I think I mentioned this a little bit.
But in previous versions of this
class I taught standard and Airbnb.
Airbnb's React rules are way more strict.
Now I think this can be helpful sometimes
especially if you're having someone like
a bunch of C# developers or Java
developers work with you on a project.
Giving them the Airbnb rules keeps them
in very JavaScript looking code, right?
Otherwise, they're gonna write
JavaScript code that looks like Java,
which we have all seen and
never wanna see again.
Nothing wrong with Java, you just
don't write it the same way, right?
So that's a time that I would consider
using the Airbnb rules again.
For me, I spend all day writing
JavaScript and TypeScript.
So I don't really wanna be burdened
by an ESLint telling me very,
very strictly what to do.
So that's why I've kind of gone
back to other side and saying,
just let me write my code and
help me catch common errors.
That's kind of my new ethos
with these kind of things.
But Airbnb's really good if you wanna
be very strict about how you want your
code to look.
It makes it look like the same
person wrote all of your code.
Almost to a frustrating point.
Well, actually no,
definitely to a frustrating point.
>> Brian Holt: So
feel free to check those out.
Yeah, we have another branch here or
another commit here.
So if you have fallen behind,
feel free to come up and grab this commit.
Yeah, question?
>> off screen male: Why would it be
frustrating to have your code look like it
was all written by the same person?
>> Brian Holt: The net result
isn't actually frustrating.
What's frustrating is that you write
code that is good, and works well, and
does all these things just
as well as you want it to.
But the linter's not happy with it.
So you have to go change your code that
was already good into something that
conforms to the linter.
I find that frustrating.
In general, I want people to have as much
freedom as possible because then you're
not focused on pleasing the linter,
you're focused on solving problems.
And that's kind of my general, like I
worked as an infrastructure engineer at
LinkedIn, and now I do
infrastructure at Microsoft, right?
In general, I want to have tools that
help you do your job, not like make you
conform to some dumb standard, it's
kind of my thought process these days.
It changes obviously as you can see by
each version of this workshop I give, but
yeah, it's kind of my thought.
Other questions?
>> Brian Holt: Cool, so like I said
there's another commit at this point.
So feel free to go ahead and
go grab that if you need it.
>> Brian Holt: Great, so
we're now gonna move on to doing state and
life cycle methods with React.
From here on out we are going
to be just using JSX.
You're welcome to continue doing it with
the createElementCall if you feel so
inclined, but I would invite you
to at least give JSX a shot.
Like I said, even the most
skeptical people that I knew about
it eventually ended up on JSX as well.
Just all the examples are written in it,
all the documentation is written in it.
Every company that I know
of personally is using JSX.
So I would invite you to
just keep going with it, and
I think by the end of the course
you'll feel a bit different about it.
Okay, so at this point I would
like you all to go to-
>> off screen male: I do have one
quick question.
>> Brian Holt: Sure.
>> off screen male: I'm getting all sorts
of linting errors, and I think it's
because it's going into my node modules.
Is there a way to-
>> Brian Holt: It should not do that.
>> Brian Holt: Let's see if I say,
you know what?
I think you're right.
If you say npm run lint,
it probably is gonna-
>> off screen male: Yeah,
that's what I'm having to do
cuz I'm using the sublime and
I didn't have time to setup the.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah,
cuz it's gonna go into all of your module.
Yeah, so good point.
So come in here to your package.json,
and change lint to src/ and
that way it'll just be checking source.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah,
I had this problem before.
>> Brian Holt: So now if you run it,
>> Brian Holt: You'll
just be checking those files.
>> off screen male: Yeah, it worked.
>> Brian Holt: Cool, thank you,
I forgot about that.